No, not often. But it was a little fascinating, it's a puppy that lost its left leg. It looked cute though. And there was another guy that lost its' leg, just like this, but he didn't want to play with the puppy first. So exactly, when I was, in the beginning there is the boy playing video games. I violent game. Then his mom came up and gave and there was a box inside. He told him open it up and maybe you'll like it. Then his mom was talking to her husband. When the boy looked at the box, when he opened it a little, the puppy just jumped out of nowhere. Really first the boy liked it, but when he saw that he lost an arm or leg, he didn't like it. Then he threw him off the floor. Then the puppy saw a red shiny ball, and he liked it. He ran and accidentally bumped into the door. Then he went and he caught the ball in his jaws. He dropped it in front of the boy and his tail was wagging, which means he wanted to play. And what the boy did is that he just kicked the ball and it went in the box. And then what happened is that when the puppy came in to try to get the ball instead he found himself in the box, which is cute. And then like he was looking around, like which way is how to get out. And the boy was like huh I think I'm starting to enjoy this. But then he was like no don't go to puppy world, go back to video games. And he went back to video games. No I don't. Nothing else. Well I like puppies. They're cute. I also enjoyed that the boy was not used to the puppy at first, but then a short while later he got used to it. Well I think that I don't like is the violent games. And also that he doesn't care about the puppy before. The mom. The puppy. He was playing video games, violent video games. The red shiny ball. They both lost their leg. They both lost a body part. He was feeling very happy because he already got an owner. He felt happy too. Well I felt happy, because the boy loved the puppy and I do love animals. A little sad. He feeling a little disgust. Well when I watched this part I was like that's so rude, like it's not okay. He was trying to say I wanna play. Can we play? And the boy was angry, and just ditched him. Well he was like leave me alone, and ditched him in a real way. And how I felt, is I did not enjoy it.