No. Sounded like the kid was playing video games. Sounded like Call of Duty, in my opinion and then he's kinda like me, that I stay and I play video games a lot and his mom came in, dropped him off a box but she kinda blocked him from playing the games and he's like, "Mom." And he moved a little bit just to be able to keep playing and then she's like, "You know, it's a really nice day. You should go outside." And all that and she ended up getting a phone call and went upstairs but she said, "You should open up the present that I gave you." And he opened it up and then he found a dog and he was all excited but then he got a little weirded out because it only had three legs and at first, he was denying the dog and the dog was trying to get his attention and the dog was running around playing. The dog ran into one of the tables to get the ball and he went under and got it and he started playing and then the boy started to get a feel for the dog and then he actually kind of accepted him and then started playing with him. But then, when the kid was gonna go outside, he actually only had one leg. So, then they both went outside and he threw the ball and that was that. When the mom opened up the shades. When you're in the darkness for a long time and then you get a glimpse of light, your eyes are hard to adjust and his reaction was like, "No." Like, "What's that?" Even though the dog had three legs, he was still able to do his thing and play and all that and he was able to ... I guess he might've had a connection with the dog because he's also handicapped as well. It was fine. Well, at first, just because the dog had three legs, that he didn't like it but he ended up liking him. So, really, nothing. It was his mom. It was a dog. He was playing video games. He was playing with a red ball. They have something that prevents them from doing every day things. Both. The puppy was happy because he gets to meet new people and he wants to play. He was feeling really happy that he got a dog? Well, I felt happy for the kid because he finally gets something to get him off video games like me with my dog. He makes me play with him and all that and that gets me off the PS4 a lot. Probably was like, "I don't know, why'd he do that?" And the puppy thought he was still kinda into him, that he just dropped him or something cause the puppy still seemed like he was still liking him, by that face. The boy, he's mad I guess, cause he thought he was getting a normal dog. Once he saw it had three legs, then he wasn't too happy about it. I thought it was kinda messed up. The dog deserves a chance. He thought that he still wanted to play but then he started to realize that maybe he didn't wanna play or something was up. The boy was already mad about the fact that the dog had three legs and then the boy didn't want anything to do with him and then when the dog kept trying to play with him, he was pushing him away cause he felt annoyed. He's a dog. He won't know anything better so dogs can get annoying. I'll push my dog away once or twice but if they really wanna play, just play with them. Well, happy because he was finally able to get the boy to play with him? He felt happy because he finally started to accept the puppy and he was enjoying his time with him. Well, at first, I was shocked because I thought that if he's handicapped, I didn't think he was gonna act like that at first with the puppy but then it was nice that the puppy actually helped him open the door and he was finally able to do something else. Both.