Maybe, but it looked familiar. But as how I liked it, it was very good. I just, and personally, I think it was very, very sweet how the dog that had no leg and the boy that had no leg both understood one another and how it actually made them communicate better. Boy was playing video games. Mom comes in, disturbs him, like a typical mother does, turn on all the lights, and put a box in front of his way. The mother was talking about him having a gift. When the boy saw it, he was like, "Cool, a dog." Then, he noticed the dog was missing a leg and was like, "Ugh," because, I believe it was because 1) the boy couldn't admit that he had the leg problem, and 2) when he finally did admit it, he finally was understanding that the dog and him have similar things in common besides the leg issue. That kind of led to him playing with the do. They went outside to play, and that was it. I remember that the child had crutches. He was able to move with them. Yeah. Not really. Well, I kind of felt upset about the dog being pushed at first. But other than that, everything else is fine. I couldn't really hear over the vibrations. The dog. Playing video games. A ball. They both have one leg missing. Okay. Ecstatic, because all dogs feel the same thing that they both love and cherish everybody. He was feeling happy at first. It was very moving and very sensitive. Well, the puppy, he still felt very happy, it just he was a little confused. He was feeling upset, maybe because, like I said, the dog was missing a leg, so that reminded him of his faults. I felt kind of sad for the boy, not for the dog, but because the boy was very angry at himself, and probably at the dog because, like I said, his leg was missing. The puppy, he sounded kind of whimpering at that point, but nothing else I was too sure of. He was just sighing mostly, like that. I felt kind of ... Yeah, again, and it's the same feeling I have for all the other parts. It's I just feel sad for the boy. The dog just wants to be loved. Very happy. Very relieved and happy. I felt very sad, but not in a bad way, but in a good way. I felt like it was very nice and kind.