I saw it on Wednesday. Alright. So basically, the first part of the movie was this kid playing on his Xbox 360 and then he saw a box. It had a dog, and he realized that it didn't have two arms. It only had one. So then the boy did not like the dog that much because it wasn't that useful. But then, like for awhile, while he was playing on his Xbox 360, he stops playing on it, and then after that, him and the dog were playing outside, and then what I realized is that he had one leg gone so he was similar to him. And that was basically the end of the movie. I'm trying to think. That's pretty much about it. The one thing I liked about that movie is the fact that he got along with the dog. The one part I didn't like about the movie is that he was focusing more on the Xbox 360 than the dog, but the dog really wanted to play with him. Who gave the box to the boy? His mom. The dog. I just said that. Playing video games. The ball. Because they have one part of their body gone. What's the clip even called? Happy. Well, what I just realized about the boy is that he was getting excited and then he saw the arm, and it was similar to him and so he did not really want to play with that. A little happy but then not used to the dog. It was okay. It was fine. The puppy was feeling happy and then the kid just him on the ground. I mean, just dropped him on the ground, and then he pushed the box. A little bit upset. It was okay. But before we watch anymore of the next clips, I'd just like to point out that I don't know why he would push the dog and only focus on the video games. Oh, also in that movie, he was more focused on that Xbox than looking at the box. Yeah. Yes. A little bit down. And then the boy decided to play with him. But one thing I would just like to mention ... Can I see this computer for a sec? No, no, no. Not yet. Not yet. I just need to see something. No, not the sound thing. Okay. Why was there a Lay's bag in the film? Mm-hmm (affirmative). Annoyed. Annoyed. The puppy was feeling happy, but I realized also from that clip that the boy had two of the things to have him walk, and he only had one leg. Happy. Good.