Yes. There's this boy and his mother, and in the beginning, he was just playing on his TV with a console. Then the mother came home with a box, and then she asked if he could pause his game and then open the box. And then a puppy just came out. The puppy lost a leg, so then he didn't like it and he thought it was a rip-off, so then he just threw it aside. The dog was trying to get his attention, and then he eventually got his attention. Then the boy got up, and then they both went outside to play. The ironic thing is that the boy, he had a missing leg, too. It was like the dog was him in dog form. Mm-mm (negative). Well, at the end, the boy actually started to pay attention to the dog and got to know him actually like a dog. That's it. Just that they didn't say his name. I wanted to know his name. That's it. His mother. The puppy. He was playing on the TV. A ball. The boy doesn't have one leg, and the dog don't have one leg, so it's like the same. It was really happy. He was feeling happy as well. Happy? Because the boy and the dog, when they first met, they were really excited to meet each other. Mm-hmm (affirmative). It was feeling ... Well, because the puppy still smiling and then he just fell. I think it was really sad, because at the same time, he was only happy because he's the same. It's like he knew that the boy was going to like him. Mad, because he didn't get a puppy with actually all four legs. And he thought it was basically him, but which made him mad, because he doesn't really like seeing or speaking about what happened to his leg. So the puppy reminded him of his leg. I felt sort of mad at the kid, because he just puts the puppy aside. It was tragic to see that. Very tragic. See? Sad. No. Happy? Wait. Actually, sad, because the boy just kicked him aside, and he just tumbled over. I would have felt sad, in fact. Mad, because he didn't want the puppy anymore, so he just kicked him. Maybe after he done that, he felt bad about it. Maybe. Still mad at him, because he kicked him, and that must have really hurt on the side. Really hurt. Happy, and he felt like the kid was right about when he came out, he wanted to play with him. Because for starters, he actually got adopted. Secondly, he has somebody to actually play with instead of just stay in a cage all day. He was feeling excited because he would want to play with the puppy then. Now you feel like they actually really bonded and he actually really likes him, because the puppy is so excited all the time. I felt happy that he actually wanted to play with him. Because at first, I thought that he wasn't going to play with him at all. He was going to put him back in the box. But he actually eventually played with him, which made me feel happy.