Yeah, I saw it at the EEG. Mmm-hmm. (Affirmative) So basically in the beginning there was the boy, and he was playing video games, and kind of not really going outside. And then his mom came home with a box and saying, 'Oh, it's a beautiful day. You should go outside.' And he was just kind of ignoring her. And then he opened the box, and there was a dog. And at first he was kind of happy about it, but then he saw that the dog was missing a leg, and so that kind of upset him. And so he threw the dog on the ground and was ignoring it. And then the dog saw a ball and picked it up, and was trying to play with the boy. And the boy wasn't really into it, he was just kind of ignoring the dog and being mean I guess. Like details, you mean? Well one thing that kind of stood out to me ... He said, like a lot- He kept like being like, 'That's so ridiculous' I don't know, that just occurred to me. It was kind of ... It was a nice plot twist I guess. Not really the right word for it. But, at the end it was cute, and yeah. I mean, I guess the only thing ... The only thing I didn't like is it seems like it's a teenage boy, and I don't know anybody within my age range that's ever acted like that. But, at the same time- So it's a little bit not realistic, but it's also not really bother me, because it's a movie. And, it's like they're portraying something that's ... So it's not supposed to be like oh really realistic, this is how he would really act if he was real. I don't know. But, that's the only thing. His mom. A dog, with ... missing a leg. Playing video games. A ball. They're both missing a leg. Both. Okay. Probably excited. Like, whoa! I just got out of this box. And, they were both seeming excited. Excited again, yeah. He's shocked. Kind of like, Whoa! Yeah. It kind of ... It's not like whoa! Now I'm excited. But, it's cute, and it makes you a little happy. Like, oooh. Okay. Maybe a little bit shocked. Like, whoa, you were just excited and then ... I don't know if it's necessarily betrayal, but ... Yeah, more shock. Just upset, then realizing what his mom did, brought him a dog with one leg- It's maybe like he's almost trying to forget about his own situation. Like not going outside ever. And then this is just a reminder. So, at first he's excited, but then it's automatically a disappointment. That's also kind of it's disappointing a little. 'Cause it's not the dog's fault, but then he's just so mean to the dog automatically. But, then it's also something you gotta think about. Like why is he so upset? Oh because he's disappointed or feeling like it's just a reminder of what he wants to be forgetting. So, yeah. That's- Probably when the puppy was kind of persistent, still kind of excited. Like oh well we'll just keep going. And I don't know. I don't think he really necessarily understood exactly, why the boy was just pushing him aside. But, yeah. So he just was continuing to try to play with him. Probably irritated by that. Because it seemed- Yeah, like he just threw him away, and why are you getting irritated by it. Just ... Because I mean he's irritated in general and then this. I mean its kind of a mix, because it's like with the puppy, it's okay, keep going. But, with the boy it's ... I don't know I guess I don't know how I'm describing the- I don't know the word for it, but I just kind of ... Yeah I don't the word for it, but . Okay. Probably happy then. Feeling accepted now by the boy, and like yay, now I get to go play. Also, happy. It's kind of like he's letting go of his trying to forget and his anger, about his own disability. So, I mean, yeah he seems kind of joyful about that. That also made me feel happy. Actually made me smile. It's heartwarming and cute. And also I feel like the music at the end, it just fades away. So it's nice.