No. So in the beginning when he first got the present he was focused on the game but when he saw it but when he tried to open it, the box jumped and he was surprised that it was a puppy but when he looked at his arm, he was mad for some reason. I saw that when he got up, he had a lost leg and the dog had a lost arm and then when he threw the ball in the kitchen, the dog went to fetch it, he saw that him and the dog were the same just because they lost some body parts like the dog lost his arm and the human had lost his leg. Yeah I remembered that when his mom brought the present, he wasn't really focused on it just because he wanted to play the rest of his video games, do some stuff on his video stuff but then after a while he just started to pay more attention. And his mom said, "Are you going to open the present?" And after a while, when his mom was gone, he opened the present to see what was in there. Some of the things that I liked about the movie was the part with the dog just because I really like dogs and the part that the human and the dog actually were bonding together and the boy liked the dog just because he had the same thing in common as the boy. Mostly the things I did not like about the movie is when the boy kicked the dog in his stomach. I felt like that was disrespectful to the dog because he was just a baby and he probably thinks that the dog doesn't know much better. The mother just because the mother wanted the boy to pay more attention to everything else. A dog, that is the same as the boy just because they have lost body parts. Before he was given the box, he was focused on his video games and his mom placed a box in front of him, he leaned to the side so he could see his video game more, but then when he shut the thing off he actually paid more attention. A red ball that dogs really like balls and that's because a ball gives a dog an attention like he can play more with you and he can have more fun with the person. The puppy and the boy are the same, like I said, same body parts but also they like to both play with stuff. The dog plays with a ball and a human plays with games or other people and the human and the dog are also the same that's because they are like both playful, the boy likes to play games but he also likes to play with the dog now too. The boy is a missing a leg, that's because the dog as hind legs and the dog had a front arm that was missing. He was feeling excited just because now he had an owner but when he was back somewhere else, he was feeling really sad just because he didn't have nobody to love or play with. When he first got the puppy he was just feeling happy and when I heard the whoa he was like really surprised that he got a dog in the box. I feel like really happy that the dog finally got a home in someone else's home because now he has an owner, somebody to love, somebody to play with, somebody to walk with instead of being alone. He was feeling sad, that's because the boy just thrown him down on the floor instead of like placing him down on the floor, instead he just threw like that because that was really disrespectful to the dog. He was feeling like really upset for some reason just because of the dog only saw his lost arm. I felt when I watched this part, I felt like really bad for the dog that the boy doesn't really like the dog even though some dogs are different and the same. I felt really said for the dog. He was feeling not cared about just because the human kicked the dog when he said, "Get lost." Mad just because the dog, he saw something that was really upsetting to him or he was just mad for some reason that the dog did something or just because they are the same personalities. I felt like the boy and the dog were not getting along at this part and at the end they were, so I felt like this part they were not getting along but I think the next day they're were going to get along. He was feeling really happy now that the boy actually paid attention to him instead of throwing him down and not paying attention and just continued to play his video games. The boy's actually feeling happy now just because him and the dog are now bonding, the boy he now likes the dog just because the dog was like a baby and he really likes the baby dog just because he was cute and funny because I saw that he was laughing but just also just stopped laughing because he didn't want to show the dog that he liked it. I felt when I watched this part that, I actually felt like they were going to be friends forever but the dog actually felt like the boy was watching him and paying attention to him, instead now he'll be paying attention to the dog instead of playing video games or he'll kind of be letting the dog do both, he'll probably take him outside for a walk just because now he likes him.