Yeah, I have. It starts with a boy and he's playing with some video games or something and the mom comes in the room and she's like, oh here's this present or something. There's a box and the kid like, oh I don't really care. The box moves a little bit, which is enticing and then a little puppy pops out and you're like, oh look at the dog. And the kid seems kind of unfeeling and just continued playing his video games and the whole like pup pops out and he only has three legs and you're like awe look at the little guy. He was already cute before and now it's just like I feel bad for him. And he has a little ball and the kid just still is completely disinterested and the dog has the ball and the kid kicks it away cause he doesn't really care but after that the dog gets the ball and you're like oh he just wants to play fetch and he like stumbles a little bit because he only as three legs and he gets the ball and the kid starts becoming interested but he's like oh never mind. And then he keeps playing the video games or whatever he was playing and then after that he starts taking more interest in the dog as the dog ... he kicked ... the boy prior had kicked the ball into the box that the dog came in, which was on the floor at this point and the dog stumbles into the box and in doing so the ball flies out of the box and the dog runs with the box on his entire body because he's a little guy. He slams into the dresser, the drawer, whatever the TV's on, and then after that the ball is on the floor. The dog brings the kid the ball and he stumbles to him. The kid is like I'm fine and a smile grows on his face. And he gets up and then you see that the kid only has one leg as well. Yeah. I remember he was using an X-Box controller. I remember he was playing first person shooter. I remember it was like a blue something, I forget. I remember the ball rolling over to the fridge. I remember the counter being locked and I remember him leaving the door opened. And the crutch he had was much orange. That's pretty much it. I liked the message. You can have normal actions and still be impaired in some way. And that's kind of motivating and moving. I liked the parallelism between the dog and the boy and the dog had the same, or at least really similar, disability as the child, but the dog stayed happy throughout. And the kid was probably like a sad kid cause he only had one leg. But after playing with the dog, he was like oh yeah I can be happy too, I don't have to just stay here and play video games the entire time. I don't know. It was fine. I liked the animation. I don't know. I couldn't really hear the mom as much, but that was not really due to the movie. Yeah. The mom. The puppy. He was playing video games. A red ball. They're both disabled in the same way. Both. He was probably very happy. Probably also happy, cause now he has a puppy in that moment. I was like oh yeah, the kid has a puppy and the dog only has one leg, wonder if he notices. Kind of little surprised. Yeah. The boy seemed kind of disinterested, like oh it's toy that's broken. Yeah. I was kind of surprised but I had already seen it. I knew what was going to happen. I don't know. The second time around I just thought it was funny how he just tossed the dog aside because no one would actually do that. But yeah, just a little weird. Probably didn't really care. He got back up like immediately. It didn't really seem like he noticed very much. Disinterested, just generally. I was like oh yeah, the dog's probably going to try to reinteract with boy after this. Yeah. Probably happier than he was before because now he's like oh yeah the boy is playing with me. Yay. Yeah. Probably better as well because he's like oh yeah, alright, maybe I shouldn't just treat this dog like a broken toy and instead like a dog. I was like yay, the boy is not a jerk anymore. And he has the dog now. It's better. Yeah.