No, I haven't. In the beginning of the story, a kid that lost one of his legs was addicted to games, so his mother thought, "Why don't I buy a puppy that they're kind of like the same, because the puppy lost a leg too." The mom also wanted the kid to play with the puppy and be friends and play together. So, in the movie the mom bought the kid a puppy. When the kid saw that the puppy lost a leg, he pushes away the puppy like it doesn't ... Like he doesn't even care about him, and he just pushes him away. The puppy sees a red ball, so he gets the red ball, and he asks the kid, in his own way, to play with him, but the kid said, "No." The puppy tried again, one or two more times, and the last time the kid said, "Yes." At the end, the kid started to like the puppy and decided to start playing with the puppy. I don't remember anything else. I liked that the puppy didn't give up when the kid said no to the puppy when he wanted to play with the puppy. I mean, when the kid didn't want to play with the puppy. I also liked about the movie ... Something else that I liked about the movie is that his mom didn't just let him play all day and actually tried to make him get off the games and all. I did not like ... One thing I did not like about the movie is that when the puppy wanted to play with the kid, the kid just pushed the puppy away like it didn't even matter. Another thing that I didn't like about the movie is ... Another thing I didn't like about the movie is that ... Wait. I forgot. I can't remember. The mom. The mom gave the box to the boy. A puppy. He was playing games, like shooting games. The puppy was playing a red ball that was under a cabinet. The puppy and the boy are the same because they both lost one leg. Okay. I think the puppy was feeling happy and excited that he was finally getting adopted and he was finally going to be a member of a family instead of just being in an old cage or something. At the start, he felt excited and he felt the same as the puppy, but until he saw that the puppy lost a leg, he was like, "Ew", and pushed him away and threw him. In the middle, he was like he didn't even care about him. He almost ignored him, like fully ignored him. At the end, he was like ... He knew the puppy wouldn't start giving up and anyways, he liked the puppy, too, at the end, so they started playing together. I felt happy at the start that the puppy was getting adopted and all. In the middle, I felt a little bit sad for the puppy because the kid wouldn't want to play with the puppy when the puppy wanted to play with the kid, with the red ball. At the end, I was really happy that the kid finally agreed to play with the puppy. Okay. I think the puppy was feeling let down and sad that he was thrown away like it didn't even matter. I think the boy was feeling really mad that the mother got him a dog that lost one leg because he thought it was gross and ew. I felt really sad for the puppy because he was thrown away and it might have hurt him. I think the puppy felt let down again. Maybe he was like, "Oh man, why can't he hug me?" I think the boy started feeling like he didn't even care about the puppy and he wanted to ignore the puppy, and yeah. I felt a little bit more sadder because the puppy tried to hug him and all, and kiss him, but the kid just threw him away again. Yeah. I think the puppy was feeling really happy and excited that the kid finally agreed with the puppy to finally play with him and the red ball. I think the boy felt happy and ... I think the boy felt the same as the dog, just maybe a little bit ... Maybe just happy for the dog that he's finally excited and more and all. I felt happy that the kid finally agreed that to play with the dog so he wouldn't throw him over or something and really hurt the dog.