No. So like a summary? So there's a boy that didn't look like he wanted to go out much so his mom decided to get him a puppy 'cause, oh, and also the boy didn't, lost a leg, so that's probably why. And he's probably really sad or something. And then the mom decided to get him a dog to be active and also like, the dog has no leg like him but he's still active. So the boy would be happy. And at first the boy didn't really like the dog 'cause he thought it was like, he just didn't wanna play with it. And then at the end he, he liked the dog and he just said that since the dog could walk and the dog was also kinda funny and wasn't upset like him, he decided to go play with the dog. So it made him happy. He was like pretending like he didn't care about the dog near the middle but then he just gave up 'cause he wanted to play with the dog. It's kinda funny. I liked that there was a dog in it. I like that it wasn't like ... I think that's it. I didn't like that the dog lost its leg. I didn't like that boy lost his leg. I didn't like that the boy kicked the dog in the movie. And I feel like it was also too short and the boy didn't really talk. The mom. It was a puppy. He was playing video games. The puppy was playing with the ball and sometimes the box, kind of. They both had lost a leg. Both. Okay. Like really happy to get out of the box. Really happy to get the puppy but then near the end, or near like, after that part, he pretended like he didn't care. I felt kinda happy but I didn't actually notice that either one lost a leg. Rejected and sad. Kind of upset because he got a dog without a leg. Actually he didn't notice that part, The first time or the second time? Bad for the dog and kind of upset with the boy. Kind of like, "Okay come on, what did I do to you?" The boy was feeling kind of annoyed. Annoyed at the boy. Okay. The puppy was feeling like really happy. Like, "Finally! Play with me. I've been asking ever since you got me out of that box!" Kind of happy and I don't know, like, how to describe it but like kind of feeling happy to be happy about the dog finally. And not really like lonely and robot-y like Happy for the dog 'cause he finally got what he wanted and still a little bit sad especially since I was at the boy, didn't have one of his legs. Mm-hmm (affirmative)