No. A boy, who was playing video games all day, his mom brought him home a box, and she said that it was a present for him. He paused his game, and he opened the box, and a puppy lept out. At first, he was like "Oh, it's a puppy. I've always wanted a dog." Then he realized that the dog only had three legs. Either he had been in an accident, and lost one of his legs, or he was born that way. That made the boy not like him that much, so he pushed the dog away. Then the dog saw this red ball, and he pushed it towards the boy. The boy still didn't like the dog, probably because he only had three legs. The dog kept on being very charming, and he kept on falling over, because he only had three legs. The boy thought that was kind of cute. The dog nudged him so that they could go outside. He got up, and then you realized that he only had two legs, the boy. At the end, they went outside, and the boy had crutches, and they played outside. Good short. No. The dog kept on falling over, because he only had three legs. I really like the dog, because I've seen cats with three legs, but I've never seen a dog with three legs before. How the boy was mean to the dog, at first, because I don't feel that that's very realistic. I think that the boy would have liked the dog, because he had three legs, because he would have been like him. His mom. A dog, with three legs. Playing a video game on the couch. A red ball. They both have one less leg than they should have. Mm-hmm (affirmative). I felt that he... It looked like he was feeling excited, because he had been in a box for a long time, and because he lept out with a lot of energy. Also excited, because he had just opened a box and a puppy was inside it. How would you feel? I don't know. Neutral, because I've seen that type of clip a lot of times, where a boy gets a dog. It's not really original, but I still felt for him because it was cute with the puppy. I felt like the boy was being really rude. I think the puppy was confused, but he didn't really know what was going on. I felt that the boy was being very rude. Disappointed. Still very excited, but more confused. Disappointed, but mad. Still felt that the boy was being rude. Excited. Excited. Mm (neutral)