Hello No In the beginning I thought it was cute because I didn't know what's in the bag, I mean the box, so I was like 'ooh what's in there?'. Then when he opened it, it was a dog with no leg. And it was like the same exact dog as him because he has one leg too. And like, he was playing, but the boy was kinda mean to the dog by kicking it around. Then, like, in the middle when the dog was playing with it, he gave it to the boy. He put it in his pocket and went outside with his crutches. And that was the moment when I found that he only had one leg, and the other doll had one leg missing. So like, when they went outside they were happy cuz they were playing ball. No, that's probably like the whole thing. That it's a dog. That probably did not have a home and someone took, the mom took it home. And now he was starting off bad and then he started out good. And but the dog didn't know he was being mean, but he enjoyed it, doing everything. That the boy was being mean to it in the beginning. The mom. The dog that had one leg that was off. I know those dogs. They're like, bad dogs. They're good dogs, but they're bad walking on. Playing video games, like he didn't worry about anything. The ball. The red, round ball. They like playing stuff. Like, he likes playing, like, the dog is redicted to the ball and the boy is redicted to the game. And they're both redicted to something that are, like, similar. That the both have one leg, that were missin'. Okay. Happy, and the boy was feeling happy. Yeah. Happy Sad, and I'm angry at the kid right now. Angry. But how he angry he doesn't have one leg, but he doesn't have one leg. Angry and like, why you have one leg probably, he like, and then, like, why would you kick him? He has one leg and you have one leg. Okay. Sad, but excited at the same time. But I'm still angry at the kid at that part, too. Because he's like, kicking him around, but the dog wants to play. Yeah. He could treat him nice, then, treat him nice. It's your first time with a dog. Angry, but if I was him I would play with him because it's my first time with him. Okay. Happy, and I was like crying because it was good. Yeah. Happy, too. That way he could do, like, play with him on the first day. Then second day get used to it. Third day you almost done all the days you get used to it. Then you get used but you still love him. It was, I had to say it was fun. It was sad and happy.