He wanted to play with it without tripping over. Then he gave it to the boy and he rolled the ball away. But then he started feeling bad for the dog and then when he got up, he had the same thing. Except he was missing a leg. Instead of staying there on the couch he went outside to play with him. Then he warned his mom first before he went outside. Not really. What I noticed that was pretty weird was that when he got up, he had the same condition. That was pretty weird because I thought he had two legs. It was so confusing and cause usually I never see somebody sit down so normally with that. Usually the dog ... He really wanted to play with boy, but he kept pushing him away like, "No, no, no, no. I don't want to play with you." But then the mother ... But then he had second thoughts about if he wanted to play with him. Then he changed his mind and he wanted to play with the dog. That he changed his mind and what I like about the movie is that it's just like a big surprise for the boy. So that's really exciting. The other thing is I thought, "Does he live by himself? Or does he have a mom?" Then suddenly the mom comes up. Then she drops the package next to the chair. Then he opens it and it's the dog. It's pretty sad that he doesn't have a fourth paw. It's like as soon as he gets up, he has no other leg. So they're alike, but the only problem is that the boy doesn't like that because maybe it was sent from somebody else that ... somebody was making fun of him or something like that. That's what I think about what happened. Come on, you can see the dog has no other paw. The most sad thing is that when he get up and he doesn't have any leg. I was like, "Okay, that's really emotional." That was pretty creepy because out of nowhere he stands up and his leg is just gone. I didn't even know he had canes right next to the couch. I did not see that at all. The mother because usually he didn't want to go outside because he was playing his game. Maybe she was putting up posters or something. Then when she came back she saw the box next to her door, maybe. Then that's how they found the dog, maybe. The dog. He was still playing his game. The ball. Because they both don't have second paw or arm. What's similar to them is that they both have four or ... They still have the rest of their body. That's what's similar about them. Okay. He was feeling excited and a little ... He was so excited that he tripped over the box, maybe. Excited, but then he looked at his other arm and he felt shocked. I was like, "Umm you can't just push a dog away." The puppy was feeling a little nervous I think because out of nowhere he just shoved him on the floor. Mad, cause he's disgusted by he doesn't have another arm. He might think that somebody's making fun of him because he doesn't have another leg. I was like, "Are you kidding me?" If I was his mom and I saw that I would be like, "Don't just do that, because that's a puppy. It's a baby. Don't do that." A little sad because he tries to be the perfect puppy, but he might think that he didn't do well, maybe. So that's what I think. A little bit mad, but a little bit disgusted at the same time. It was pretty weird because outta nowhere he just shoved him and then he ... because you can't just push somebody away. Even though you don't like them, it doesn't mean that you have to be mean to them back. Pretty sad because I have a dog and sometimes he's ... He's like this big and people and my family sometimes he does things that he shouldn't and it makes my family really mad. It makes me a little upset because when he does the wrong thing, I'm just like, "Wow." Pretty happy and sad at the same time because out of nowhere he started being nice to him. He was so happy and shocked, maybe. A little bit upset because he felt bad about the puppy. Maybe he wanted to play with him so the puppy wouldn't think that he was different, maybe. I was like, "Thank god! He's changed!" Because usually people do that stuff and it's pretty mean to other kids. And it's like, "Oh my god. I can't believe my best friend just got treated like an animal." So usually people don't do that to other people, but a lot of people do that to other people. What I think is that maybe he should have changed his problems.