I just got a little irritated. Yeah. Yeah, okay. The beginning was when he, his mother got a present and he was like, addicted to the video games and he just kept playing. The shades, she pulled them up and then he couldn't really see because of the reflect of the sun. He opened the present and a puppy jumped out. But when he grabbed it, the left front leg was amputated and he threw it away and he said, "Lose it," I think, I heard. The dog so, when he fell over he saw a red ball. He went to go get it and it was hard getting up because his left leg's amputated so he had to try to get there. He got there and then he threw it like with his mouth over to the kid that got the present and he kicked it over there and the puppy ran back to it and then he started looking once and he was like, "No, leave it alone." Then he did it again and then he just a little more focus on the puppy. Then he brought the puppy and then the puppy realized he was looking at it and he brought the ball to him. He just realized that he should just play with him. He grabbed the ball and then it started showing the puppy and then when the scene went back on the boy, his left leg was amputated. So, I ... Then they went outside to play. I think that he was just feeling very ... He didn't want a present or a dog like him because he didn't like it like his. He doesn't like him having his left leg amputated. Huh? He did tell his mother that he's going outside. At the end, he did play with him and he threw the ball to the puppy. I liked that he started playing with the puppy and he started realizing that there is also, I guess, people and animals just like you, so that's what I liked. I didn't like how he tells the puppy to lose it. I didn't like how to be addicted on video games. I wouldn't say myself I'm addicted but I used to be like for a few weeks but I just got rid of it. So, I know how he feels to just be stuck on the video games and another reason why he because his left leg amputated so he can't really do anything that much. So, yeah that's really. His mother. The puppy. Playing video games. The red ball. There left leg is amputated. Mm-hmm (affirmative). Happy. He was feeling shocked. Happy. Upset that he threw the puppy on the floor. Mad because he's- Sad. Puppy, I think he was trying to get his attention and he wanted him to play with him, I think. I think he was just feeling not into it. Like, I'll say not focused into the puppy. Disappointed. I think the puppy was feeling very happy that the boy wanted to play with him. He felt more relief that there's something or someone like him. I feel very happy and excited for them.