No. From the beginning? I couldn't really hear, but like, that's why, I think I know ... There's like a little boy, who's playing video games, we couldn't like ... He's just like playing video games. And then he's mom came in, she put like a thing in front of the controller and he was like "mom, I'm trying to play video games." And she was like, "Okay, open your present," and he opened it and it was a dog, and he was like, "Aww." And then he was like, "Wait, no, I don't like you." At first I didn't know why he didn't like the dog, because I thought he was just like, "Oh, I'm playing video games." But then I realized it was because the dog only had like three legs or something. And I was like, "Oh, that's sad." And, I think the dog was trying to get the ball, and he kept failing, cause he couldn't, cause he only had three legs. And I don't know, and the boy probably was like, "I don't know." He was like watching him, and it was like ... I guess he was like amused? And then he ended up picking up the ball and going out to play with him, but then we see that the boy has like one leg, and it's like oh, that's cute. Like his mom got him a dog that has three legs, and he has one leg so it's like cute. I don't know. Just cute. Like what do you mean? Like details? Or messages? Oh, I don't know, I think that the boy was like happy cause he related to the dog. He was like, "Yeah, same. I feel you man." I don't know. I don't know. There was a happy ending. I don't know, it was cute. I mean, I don't know. He was rude to the dog, and I was like, His mother, I'm assuming? Cause he ... A dog. With three legs. He was playing video games. A red ball. Cause they both have like a missing limb. The same one? Can you turn this? He was like, I mean I don't know dogs just like people. I mean that dog was like a friendly dog. He was like, "Oh yay, an owner." Probably couldn't see that the boy had one leg. I can't tell if he noticed the dog had three legs yet. I didn't notice until like I saw the dog running. But maybe, I don't know, cause you couldn't really tell. I feel like he might not have noticed at first. And then he did, and he was like, "Oh, that's a little weird. I'm gonna put this down now and play my video game." I was like, "Aww, a boy and a dog. That's cute." I don't know. I like dogs. Yeah. He was like, I don't know he probably felt like, I mean, he felt bad because the boy threw him on the floor. He was probably, I mean, at first when read it I didn't ... Saw it, not read. When I saw it I didn't really understand because I didn't see the dog only had three legs. But now I know he probably felt like, I don't know, he probably just felt like awkward. He was like, "Oh I don't want a dog that looks like me." I don't know. But then he was like, "Yeah, never mind. Whatever." Well the first time? Like for the first time? Oh like how did I feel when I watched it for the second time, or for the first time? Oh. I mean, like it makes more sense. Like it's not okay, but it makes sense. Like the first time I was just like, why would you just throw a dog on the floor. Like that doesn't make any sense. But, you know ... Whatever. But this time it makes sense cause like, it wasn't like he was allowed, like it's not a good reason to throw a dog on the floor, but it makes more sense. I mean, the same from the first time. Just like, cause he just threw him and then he went back and he was like, "Nope, don't want you anymore. Kick. Get lost." Annoy ... I mean he was probably annoyed, and he probably felt bad, but like, he was like ... I don't know, you can't see it but he probably felt bad, I'm assuming. Cause like then he ends it up not hating the dog, so like he probably ... Because his first reaction was he liked it. And then he didn't like it. I mean, the same as I felt when I watched the first time he reject the dog. I was like why? Like it's a cute dog. Like stop. Ah, that was like good. That was like the, "Oh I get it!" Cause like, I don't know it's cute. It's just like ... I don't know. I don't know, he was probably ... This is so cheesy but he was happy? I don't know, like I think, "Yay!" He was probably just like ... He probably just accepted it. He's like, "Yeah, whatever." This ... He's just like, "Okay I'm just gonna like play with this dog. Cute dog." I was happy. I was like, "Yay! He likes the dog now. Finally, God."