No. So the dog, so his mom came in while he was playing his video games and she told him to open the box to see what was in there. And then he was still playing his video game and then like after a few minutes he opened when she went upstairs. And then he opened it and then when he picked it up he was like, "Cool". But then when he picked it up he was like, "Oh no, get away from me." I guess because he didn't have a leg like him and like the dog wanted to play with him but he kept on playing his video games. And then like they were, he kicked the ball when the dog got it and then it was chasing it everywhere but the dog kept on falling but the dog didn't give up. He still wanted to get the ball and play with him. And then about a few times, then the kid went to get ... played outside with him. He was playing his video games and he wasn't, he was into it a lot. That the kid went to play with the dog and that his mom got the dog for him. That the kid didn't play with the dog and he threw him. And he was playing his video games instead of playing with the dog. His mom. A dog. He was playing his video games. A ball and the kid. They both don't have one leg. Okay. The puppy was excited to have a new owner. The boy was happy in the beginning but then when he saw that it didn't have a leg he got mad because he didn't have a leg but then he went to play with him at the end. Cool. I want a dog too! Sad a little bit 'cause his owner threw him on the floor and didn't like that he didn't have a leg. Mad and sad because he didn't have a leg and the dog didn't have a leg, so he was like, "This dog would be useless to play with." I felt sad because I wouldn't treat an animal like that and it's bad to be mean to other animals. And he didn't even think to say "Thank you" to his mom that she got him the dog. Sad again because the owner kicked him and the dog got on his back and could barely even get up. I think the boy was feeling angry and sad because like, he didn't like that the dog was bothering him, that he didn't have a leg and he didn't want to play with him at all. I don't know. I don't know. Happy and excited to play with his owner because he finally got up out of his game to play with him. Happy because he finally knew somebody that was like him and got to know the dog and played with him. Happy because the boy finally went to play with the dog and you, he had the opportunity to play with somebody that was like him.