No, I was pretty shocked and I was like "is he missing a leg?" I'm like "what!" I'm like blown away in some sort. Oh well, the kid was playing his game, it kind of looked like an ordinary kid and then his mom came in and he showed him a package and he said his dog. It was a dog but he didn't really like it that much but when I looked closely he was missing something. It was his paws and I was like "huh!!" But then when he finally decided to go play, "what are with all these crutches" is when I looked and went "huh!." I wonder what that disability is called when it was over. But then we realized that and Mark was getting his ending and I was like "I thought they died in there." The kid and the dog I mean like what is that disability called? I'll have to look it up. Well, you need time away from electronics and stuff and try to do things that's outside the ordinary. Like I have trouble with my computers and all that, it was pretty difficult. But then the movie taught me something. It taught me something, how to be, how to just stay outside and do something fun. At first, I really didn't care about it that much. Like the dog was just innocent and he did absolutely nothing wrong. His Mom. Dog. Video games. His ball. That the leg is missing. Both. Uh. He got this dog. Kind of happy, at first. Kind of happy because he opened it and it was a dog. And I was like "I thought it was just another video game." He was pretending to be fine but then he just, then he just put it down and then it took awhile for him, it took him like a good two minutes. I thought it was pretty shocking. What's that? Eh, kind of confused. A little angry because I don't know what that meant at first, until I saw his leg and I was like "is that?" I was like "is that?" And my mind said "yep." Is that an X-Box? He was like "come on, let's play" Forget it. Gasp, it that? Is that? Is that, is that! Now he's really happy. He was feeling now relieved now that the puppy had taught him something. Well at first when I finally see him stand up I saw that "what's with the crutches" and I figured it out and I was like "wow", that was it, that was all I have to say.