No. There was a kid who all he did was play video games and his mom brought in a box with a dog in it that didn't have a leg and he thought it was disgusting and he just threw it on the floor. And he didn't really care about it and then he realized that the dog was tripping and kept getting stuck. And then he walked outside with the dog and then he didn't have a leg so he started playing with the dog. No. I liked how his emotions changed from the beginning to the end of the movie because first he started out really he didn't want the dog at all, he thought it was stupid and disgusting, and then towards the end he really, really liked it. I didn't like how in the beginning he was being so mean to the dog because I personally love dogs so much and I never want anyone to ever hurt them. His mother. A dog with no leg. He was playing video games. A red ball that he found under a dresser. They both don't have a leg or a body part or something. Loved because someone was actually being nice to him and caring about him. Happy that he got a new pet or something. I thought that I was really nice because I liked how he was being really nice to the dog. Hated because he just threw him on the floor because he didn't have a leg. Angry because he thought he was getting a real dog with all four of his legs and then he only had three. I felt like really angry because I didn't want anyone hurting any type of animal. He seemed kind of happy but I think he realized that nobody was really being nice to him so I think he was feeling a little hated. Angry that the dog wouldn't stop annoying him, or annoyed. I felt the same as before, I did not feel good because I love animals and I don't want anybody hurting any animals. I think he was finally feeling like he related to someone or something because he knew that someone else knew what it felt like to not have a leg or a body part. I think he started to get used to the dog and started really liking it and being really happy. I felt really happy because he finally really liked the dog and he related to him.