I think I saw it once, last year. Yeah. It was about a disabled kid and his mum brought him a puppy. And at first, he was not amused and he just saw another cripple like himself, and he pushed it away. But the dog was kind of being funny and trying to get the ball under the cabinet. And he didn't want to find it amusing, but he did. And he was watching the dog, and then he kind of gave it a chance once the dog brought back the ball and he went outside with the dog. Yeah. No. That's pretty much it. Yeah. I liked the transition from him kind of hating the dog to wanting to be friendly with it because he kind of just gave it a chance and changed his mind and his opinion about the dog. I don't know. Just reminded me of my brothers. We all just sit and play video games and ... I don't know. It was kind of relatable I guess, yeah. His mother, I'm assuming. A woman, yeah. A puppy was in the box. Playing video games. A red ball. They both are missing a limb and ... Yeah. Both. Okay. I think the puppy was happy because it's been sitting in a box for I don't know how long. I think he was excited to see something new. Yeah. Just happy. Good. He put down his remote control and he looked at something else. Yeah. Okay. I think the puppy was not happy. Yeah. Got thrown on the ground. I think the boy was angry at his mum for trying to give him something that she thought would make him feel better, but it just reminds him of his own disability. Kind of sorry for the boy and the puppy because ... I don't know. The puppy wants a friend but the boy is scared of accepting that part of himself I think. Also not happy, but still it was ... I think it was a hopeful puppy, so yeah. I think the boy was just mad at the thought of ... I think he kind of dislikes himself and that part of himself and he saw that in the puppy so he disliked the puppy too. Just sad, yeah. Because the puppy doesn't deserve that. Okay. I think the puppy was happy to have a friend and have someone else. I think the boy was ... He was kind of proud of himself because he was trying to tell his mum, "Oh. Look at me. I'm going outside." And I think he was opening up to the dog. Very happy. I think hopeful. He kind of found a different side of himself. It was good.