Yes. So in the beginning the kid was playing video games and his mom came home with a box, and then she tried to get his attention for him to open up her gift that she was giving to him and then he opened it. He finally paused his game and he opened up the box and he saw a puppy, so he was shocked about it because it seemed that he wasn't expecting one, but then he pulled the puppy out and saw that it only had three legs. He was disgusted by that so then he just threw the puppy to the side, but it seemed that the puppy was already used to having three legs so then he was fine with it and he just kept playing. Every time he fell, he would get back up. Then the boy started seeing that and finding it actually nice and funny. So then the puppy was playing catch with the ball. Then I think the puppy gave courage to the little boy and he got it up and then it showed that the boy also only had one leg and he was on crutches so it seems like his mom got him a puppy that related to him to show him that it shouldn't be something that you just ... that you shouldn't be ashamed of. The puppy got him out of the house where it was like in the beginning it seemed that the boy just sat home and played video games all day. I remember that the mom was on the phone and then it kind of seemed ... originally when I had first seen I didn't never noticed this, but the second time around it looked like the mom was limping up the stairs too. I don't know if that was part of it but ... I liked how the puppy showed the boy that he can't just quickly give up, so it gave him courage and I liked that. I think I ... I liked pretty much a lot of it. Maybe that the mom wasn't really there, didn't really see his reaction at first and see how it brought him up afterward. Maybe if she was there it would have been a little bit different. The mom. A three-legged puppy. Playing video games. A red ball. The puppy is missing a leg and so is the boy. Both. The puppy seemed happy that he was having an owner maybe. The boy was like, "Oh, wow. Cool. That's nice." I felt happy for him. Probably sad. Angry and also sad. I think the boy was showing that he under-appreciates his mom because it seems like his mom went out of the way to get a puppy that was also missing a leg, so then he was like, "Oh, she's got to be kidding me." It was kind of like, "Come on." Disappointed. Disgusted. Kind of sad. Happy. Happy. Happy.