No. So there was a kid who was born without a leg and he was playing a video game. And then his mum came and kept on distracting him, and gave him a box. And when he opened it, there was a dog inside. And at first, he was like, "Oh my god. It's so cool." And then when it stated barking, he threw it on the floor and said, "Get lost." And then it ran back to him and he kicked it away. And it started barking happily and then it saw the ball, and it grabbed the ball and then gave it to the boy who was so mad, he just kicked it away. And then the ball ... And the dog thought it was playing fetch so it grabbed the ball and gave it back to the boy who threw it. And then, the dog got it, gave it back to him. And the kid stopped playing the video game. He told his mum he'll be outside. He went outside with the dog and he started playing fetch. No. Well, I didn't really get to see a lot of stuff from it, the movie, so I don't really know. But I would think that the main two characters from the movie are the boy and the dog. I just liked when in the beginning, when he was like, "Oh my god. That's so cool." But then he hated the dog, and then he looked at it one more time and decided that it looked cute and stuff like that. Well, when he threw the dog on the floor and he didn't really look at it so much. The mum. The dog. He was playing video game. The ball. They both like to play with different things. I think it's the boy. Okay. The puppy felt really happy. He was like, "Oh my god." Excited. Well, I was just surprised that there was a dog inside because you would hear the dog barking. So I was just surprised that there was a dog. A little bit sad when he threw him but then, he got right back up and started bugging the boy again. Annoyed. Well, I was just ... Well, if I could get a dog, I wouldn't throw it on the ground or ... He was excited to be with the boy, but then he realized that the boy didn't really like him so he just saw the ball and he ran to the ball instead. Really annoyed. Wished his mum didn't get the dog. Well, if that happened to me, I don't know what I'll do. I'll just pick up the dog and put it back in the box or something like that. Okay. Happy that the boy was starting to play with him. A little better that he doesn't have to shout at the dog and throw it. Well, it was a movie so I didn't exactly care. But I think the dog felt better and the boy.