No, not really! I didn't even see trailers of it! What day did it come out? So this kid that I don't ... That had two legs ... He had ... His mom bought him ... He was playing video games and his mom bought him a dog. That dog only had three legs ... And one of his legs is gone so the kid that I thought had two legs only had one leg. They were both disabled. He didn't know ... He didn't want to play with the dog at first until the dog started playing around with the red ball. Then the dog got stuck in the box, then he got himself out. Then the kid noticed and he told his mom he was going outside to play with the dog. So then he played catch with the dog. I saw an Xbox 360 controller. He was playing a video game. I don't know that video game. I know a lot of video game sounds. How the disabled boy meets a disabled dog. I guess it would be the disabled dog. Not that much because I was ... I didn't even know like ... The minute I noticed it, I was like "Wow! What's wrong with that dog?" I'm tying my shoes. The mother. The disabled dog. Yeah. He was playing video games. His puppy was playing with the ball. The red ball. Isn't that the same clip? You can see the disabled dog without his arm. The puppy was feeling excited that he got to see his new owner. He was excited at first until he saw the disabled like, "What's wrong with that dog?" I noticed it the minute ... The second I saw him open the box, like you could ... Show the movie again. Like if you could see from the computer, you could see the disabled dog without his leg. I was shocked! About that movie or about another one? Yeah, you can clearly see that ... You can clearly see that that ... That he was trying to push the ... That he pushed the dog away because he noticed that he only had three legs. He was so excited. He was disgusted. I felt surprised and disgusted at the same time. You can see the 360 controller right there. The puppy was that he hated him. That the owner kid hated him so he kept trying and trying to get him to play with him. No. No. No. Didn't want to play. I just started blankly. The last clip. The last ... Ending of ... The Present. The puppy was feeling so excited that his owner finally noticed him. The boy was happy because he felt like a connection between both of them since they're alike. I felt like I was going to cry. Because that is just so sad! The fact that those two are disabled. Both of them! It symbolize them!