No. I heard about it though. Telling me, can you tell me what happened to would be try to tell the whole story. Remember, stories have a beginning and ending. Things that happened and an ending. All right. So I know what it's about, it's about this boy got a dog, and dog with one leg, like one leg missing. And I kinda realize, and then when he stands up at the park I realized that he was missing a leg too, so they kinda got similarities. And the present was a dog in a box. So he was like starting off him playing with his Xbox, I memorized the controller because I have one. So, and then it was just, there was stuff for coming, he opens his box, the dog's in it, the dog's missing one leg, and so they go out on the park and then he plays some sort of like fetch, and he throws the ball, and it was kinda funny the dog went like running and then tripping, and then running and tripping. I mean I wouldn't blame him for only having three legs, but it was like he had to hop and one leg's like this, a cane. I don't know how that happened. Hmm, it's dog was like a yellowish, beige kinda like this. Yeah. I thought it was really cute about that the dog and the boy having similarities because you don't usually see a kid like that, with all this missing in his knee up here. And the dog was really cute, I almost like ... I don't know, it was really cute and it was a really good movie when I saw a little bit of it. I couldn't really say anything else, because I thought it was a pretty good movie so far. I really thought it was, I don't really think about anything else. His mom. Dog. Playing the Xbox. Ball. They're both missing a leg. All right. That guy was not in the tube. Happy. Happy, until he realizes the leg is missing in the movie. But he still liked him. The dog really made me feel adorable, it was so adorable I thought. Real. Why is it pausing? Happy, like he was enjoying. Maybe somewhat now, like somewhat happy, somewhat like , I remember when the dog went like ugh, his leg was missing. But remember he, his leg's missing too. I still thought the dog was adorable. I really do, I just can't stop thinking about the dog, it was just adorable. Look it's the Xbox controller. Maybe wanting to play maybe, cause he kept coming to him? He was just like focusing on the game like just on Xbox nonstop. He wasn't really looking at the dog or playing with it. If I got a dog, I wanted a dog since I was like four or three. If I got one I would of jumped and I would of like jumped , I would have been so excited I tell you. Even if it was missing a leg I would still be happy. I do feel like watch the clip. I feel like the, I felt kinda, I feel like happy, number one cause the guy got a dog, I mean who can say that? The dog with the missing leg. I mean like, it's like who cares if it's a missing leg, I mean he's still alive, he's still adorable ... and the boy was getting confused and then I realized, then I think he realized that he was missing a leg, and then you're trying again, trying to get along. Look, see what I mean? How does the dog run like that? Cause look, he's playing fetch. Happy, because he could play fetch at the end. Happy, I felt like that. At least somewhat ... interesting and wondering of some sort. How did you feel when you watched the clip, did we do that already? I don't know, I feel like this was all I could say that this was a really good clip of the movie definitely.