That was a lot easier than I thought. Yes. Actually, when I was at the Child's Brain Institute in Island, I saw that one. Yeah, it was when I was doing the EEG. In the beginning, it's a boy that's playing video games, and his mom walks in, and she puts a box on the table in front of him, and she opens the blinds, which kind of annoys him, because he can't see his video game. And she says that he has a phone call, and asks if he can open his present. After a while, he gets kind of curious about what's in it, and he finds a dog, but it has one leg that's been amputated. And for some reason, he doesn't like the fact that it's missing one leg, and he thinks that it's weird and disgusting, so he puts it down on the floor by throwing it, and basically, starts to play video games again. Well, it did sound like, that he was playing one of those video games that sounds like it's fighting. And the dog was really excited, and it wanted to do everything, and play, have fun. I loved the amount, how the dog, even though he was missing one leg, was still able to run and play, and how they were kind of a match for each other, in ways, helping each other understand. It doesn't explain much. From the beginning, it doesn't explain how this happened, like how he doesn't have a missing leg. It just starts off with putting a present on the table, and it doesn't give any details about what happened before. His mother. A dog that was missing a leg. He was playing a video game. A red rubber ball. They're both missing a leg. Excited, and happy, and really curious, at least some ways. Excited and happy. Excited and happy too. I kind of got how they were feeling. Who doesn't want to find a little, cute puppy, who's all happy and wants to jump around and have fun ? I think he kind of felt a little bit abused, and he didn't know why he was being thrown. Annoyed and disgusted. I felt really annoyed and angry to the boy . He threw a cute little puppy on the floor just because he was missing a leg. I mean, who does that? He's a cute little puppy. Still kind of abused, but he wanted to still have fun, even though he'd just been thrown on the floor. And he really wanted the boy's attention, and he wanted to play. He was still feeling disgusted and stuff. And he was getting angry now that it just came back up to him and started annoying him when he was already doing something. Still angry at the boy, because why would anybody wanna do that to a pup? I feel kind of angry at the boy. Happy, excited, and I think that it would explain it, but he just really wanted to play the whole time. And now, he was probably really excited and happy. The boy was actually wanting to go with him. I think that the boy was happy, still, just like the puppy. And once he saw how much the puppy was getting trying to play, that he just , because it kinda made his heart feel. I was so happy seeing the way that they both understand each other, and it was kind of a happy ending.