I have not. So there is a boy that was playing video games at his house, and his mom came in, and the boy was not really paying attention to her and kind of annoying her. And she dropped this box down. And he kind of just let it sit there for a few minutes, and then he opened it up, and there was a puppy inside. And he was really happy and wowed for a moment. And then he realized that the puppy only had three legs, and he was angry and depressed kind of, and he kind of kicked it and dropped it away. Then the puppy kept trying to play with him, and was just doing very childish things, and he started kind of growing on the boy. And there was this red ball that the puppy was going for, and he tried to get it and he tried to get the boy to throw it for him. So the boy started trying to throw it to him, and the boy was like, "All right, I should take you outside. This isn't enough room." So he gets up, and the big reveal is that he also is missing a leg. I mean like vivid, not ... I mean like they go outside in the end, nothing really. I thought the twist was really good at the end, and I thought it was heart-wrenching and just well-animated. I thought it was great. I mean there's things like I would dislike, but nothing that wasn't intentional. His mom, I'm guessing. A puppy. Playing video games. A red ball. They both were missing a leg. Both. Excited and very happy probably to be out of the box and see someone new. Really happy and really excited, cause he's probably wanted a puppy. I thought it was really awesome, like oh this is really cool, cause I thought it would be some kind of twist until like kids getting outside. I think the puppy didn't really ... wasn't defeated, was a little sad that he threw him, but I don't think he was too angry, and was still in a very happy mood. Angry that it had three legs. I thought the kid was kind of a douche bag, to say the truth, and was just kind of someone I don't wanna be friends with, or someone that really reads a book by its cover. I think the puppy was more defeated, but still was kind of in a mood like, all right, this is fine. I'm okay with this. I'm just gonna keep trying and be myself. Even more angry, sort of kicked him back, and he's like, all right, I just wanna play my video games, ignore this thing. A little bit more depressed, same feelings, just up a little bit more. Very happy, excited, and probably a little bit like, "I'm finally outside, and this is what I thought was gonna happen in the beginning." More excited, and more accepting, more ... I was very like, whoa, I did not expect that coming for the twist at the end, and also just happy. And I thought it was a good ending when I saw the ending.