No. All right. Till, says the mom came. She took the dog, not the dog's eye, the boy who was playing in the video game with her and she came, and she noticed that he's probably been there the whole, entire morning or afternoon. And so she gave him a present, and it was a dog. But the dog was missing a paw. And he disliked it, cause he was probably different. As the dog came, he pushed it away several times. Well then, as he noticed, he started to like it, little by little. And then, he decided to play with it outside, to stop everything, and just play outside. And then, the boy was missing a leg. That is the reason he pushed it away was probably because it just reminded him that he was also missing a leg. Like, the red ball? I guess, the message about it, or the theme, cause the boy ... he was so in his own little world. But then, when he met the puppy, or the dog, whatever, he noticed that they were all the same, both of them, cause they were both missing something. And then, they were different, but now they're the same. I guess, when he pushed the dog away, he did it with a lot of force, and it was kind of like cruelty, but not much. The mother. The dog. He was playing a video game. A red ball. They were both missing something . Well, to be more specific, they're both, but one is a paw, and one was a leg. He was feeling excited, cause someone was adopting him, cause he was different, and probably no one likes any dog that has a problem. Excited, at first. I think it was heart-touching. He was sad, cause he just go thrown. He just got a home, but then he was just thrown away that fast. Pretty mad. It's just sad. He didn't give up, even though he just got thrown away twice. He just went back. The boy, he was still pretty pissed at the dog and the mom. I was still mad, but not mad, sorry, sad. But then, I got towards mad. He was feeling pretty excited. It was like he just noticed that he's also missing a leg, as same as him, the dog, and he was pretty excited that he wasn't the only one. That he was just excited. He was happy. I felt amazed.