No. Got it. So basically what, in the start, the kid was just playing, he kept playing video games. His mom tried to give him a present and he was just like, "Get out of the way, I'm trying to play." And eventually he opened the box, and a puppy came out. At first, he acted friendly to the puppy but then he didn't because it was starting to interrupt his game. The puppy started playing around on its own. He made a noise at it a few times. Didn't really look like he wanted to play with it. That was the beginning and the middle. Then the end, he took a bit of sympathy toward the dog, got up, even though he had crutches and had to use them. He went outside with the dog and played with him. Not exactly. So the dog wanted to play with him and he just wanted to play video games. How it showed that people shouldn't always play video games and it shows the companionship between an owner and their pet. That he was pretty mean to the dog and he was caring too much about the video game. Even when, if I'm playing or if I'm watching something, I pause it and look up or if I can't stop the game, because I have games like Clash of Clans or Clash Royale, I try to listen while I'm doing it because that game is kind of risk, those games are kind or risky because if you don't do something right, like, you have to fight other people. Not exactly that bad, but you lose trophies and like stuff like that. So I try my best to be able to communicate with people even though I have a screen in front of me. I try my best to communicate. The mom. A puppy. Just trying to play video games. A ball. He just happened to find. They're both pretty friendly and they're both kind of disabled because the dog was really young so he couldn't really run and then the boy his leg, something happened to his leg, so he had crutches. That's one thing. That's only on the outside, that's physically. And then mentally, once he actually went to the dog and accepted him they had a really fun time and he really liked him and the dog really liked him. I think both because the puppy stumbled a few times. Even though it was only a few feet, he stumbled. K Very happy to have an owner because I think he might have not had an owner. Maybe he was like rescued. At first happy. I liked it because he was actually being nice to the dog. A little playful but if I were the puppy I think I'd feel a little sad because someone just threw me on the floor for no good reason. Just because he panted a bit, the dog, and of his tongue, the boy thought he was disgusting. If I had the dog I would have liked the dog and played with him even if I did have a disabled leg. I have never had a disabled leg, but my mom has and even though it is hard to recover you should try to make the best out of maybe walking around sometimes so you can get stronger and he has a pet. We have cats not dogs, but still. We care for 'em. Still a little playful because he didn't understand yet since he was young, that the boy didn't really want him around. Annoyed because the puppy won't let him play his video game and is barking. I think he was being too mean to the puppy. Happy because his owner was actually playing with him. Also happy because I think that he had something more to do than just play video games all day now. I liked it because they were actually showing a bond.