Yes, I have. It started out, there was boy playing video games. Some kind of shooter or something like that. With lots of guns and explosions. And then his mother came home with a box, and she put down the box for him it was a present, it was a gift. He didn't really pay attention to it. But eventually, he opened it, there was a little puppy in it. The puppy was missing its left forearm, leg. Anyways, and he wasn't thrilled, to say the least. Kind of cared more about the game, he kind of put the puppy down. And then they went outside and played. Just like, details? The mom meant to send a paper to someone that didn't go through. It's strange where he lives, it just kind ... I know it's just because they probably didn't want to fill in with the background, but he just lives in the middle of nowhere. It was cute. I mean, the puppy was cute. The puppy seemed very real, just kind of running around, barking. It was a sweet little connection they had at the end. It was a good short film; it was kind of keeping it short, concise, and just yeah ... sweet. I mean, I'm sure it had some kind of moral message; it personally didn't resonate with me all too much. But I couldn't really see anything specific that was trying to say something larger. It just kind of seemed to be; I guess, you know, they both have disability I suppose. That connection between the two despite the fact that they initially didn't really get along too well. But ... I mean it works, it just ... Yeah, I think it's just me. It's ... it's short.... The mom. A puppy. A little golden retriever. It seems. Playing some sort of PS shooter video game? A ball, red ball. And he was playing with an Xbox, the most original Xbox. Interesting. They're both missing a left leg. Both. Ecstatic. It's a person, the person's holding him. He was in a box before and now he's not. I think first happy that he had a puppy. I think in that moment, he was like, "Whoa, that's a dog." But then ... It was cute. Sweet.  Cute. I don't think he cared or noticed all too much. I think he was just kind like, "wee." Because like, I don't think ... because I definitely think the puppy at some point, if that continued, would definitely feel kind of hurt. But I think the puppy didn't really care in that sense. I think it was just kind of happy. Still. I think he definitely was not happy. He was, he felt almost betrayed by his mom and disgusted that the puppy also, well not also ... maybe also ... didn't have a leg and what a garbage, defective puppy. Asshole. Am I allowed to say that? Am I allowed to say that? Maybe a little more defeated, but I also, I still don't think the puppy really cared still. I think the puppy was just happy to be in a place with a person still. Just annoyed. Just like ... probably a little bit disappointed, because it's like, "oh, there was a puppy;" but then for whatever reason he doesn't like this puppy because it doesn't have a leg. And he's just disappointed, if anything, but I think he also just doesn't care about the puppy. I think he's more invested in his game. It's just a mean thing to do. I mean ... Very, very happy. The puppy ... this ball, that's the greatest thing in the world. The ball's flying and I can run after it. Woohoo! It's very happy. Satisfied. I think he was, like, realizing that there's, you know, there's a connection there. And he was like, "You know, maybe this puppy isn't bad, maybe this puppy can be a puppy. And that's, like, amazing." It was cute. It was nice. I felt satisfied as well. It was a nice ending. You know, the short didn't call for anything super dramatic. It was a sweet little thing.