No. So, the boy was playing video games, and his mom came in. She gave him a box, and he started complaining. And then when ... And then she went upstairs, on the phone, and he opened the box, and a dog popped out. That kinda ... I felt like ... I felt good at the moment because that happened to me too. Yeah, except we found her in a box on the street. And the box was closed. It had two holes in it, and I couldn't see. And when I opened it, she went like this. So- He didn't like the dog. He liked it at first, but he didn't like the dog after cause he saw how it was missing a leg. And also a ball. And the dog went for the ball and brang the ball to the boy. And the boy kicked it, and the dog went to get it. And I think he smiled. And then, what was it? Oh, then, he brung it back, and the boy got up. He picked it up, put it in his pocket, grabbed these things, and that ... I didn't notice he was missing a leg until he started to ... until he stood up. Mm-hmm (affirmative). That he told his mom that he was gonna be outside, and he actually decided to go outside and have fun with the dog. I liked ... What I liked about that movie is that ... the fact that it tells you, it doesn't matter what someone or something looks like. You can still do stuff or have fun with it. The part when he threw the dog on the floor and started to kick it. His mother. The box ... Inside the box was a dog. Playing video games. The ball. Because they both had something to do, but then, they were both doing one thing, one different thing, and then they decided ... Then, the boy decided he was gonna play with the dog, and the dog liked it. Both. Mkay. He was feeling cool. He was feeling awesome about ... cause he had an owner. He was feeling cool. He was feeling like amazed, like, "She got me a dog, oh my God!" And then, he started to play with it, and it was cool. And they both felt the same about each other. Kind of the same as how I felt when I got my dog. She jumped, but she jumped high, so I had to catch her. But I was holding her like this, and she started to wiggle, like getting comfortable, and she fell asleep. I felt like ... I felt amazed. I was ... My cousin was one. Sad. Mad. The boy's feeling mad because he looked at the dog and saw it had no leg, and he thought it was disgusting. I felt sad for the dog. Sad because the boy just kicked him for nothing. Mad just because it didn't have a leg, and it wanted to play, and he kicked it. I felt sad for the dog again. No dog should be treated like that. Happy because his owner actually wants to play with him. Happy cause he got to play with the dog, and he bonded with the dog. I almost cried. Yeah. Sad. Well, sad and happy. Both.