No. Okay. There was this kid. He's probably about 14, and he was playing probably like a military game, and his mom, she came home, and she had a puppy, the kid didn't know what she had, so she took the box and then put it on the table, and then she went upstairs, and she said, "why don't you stop playing your game and open the box that I bought you?" So he just pulled out one piece of the thing, and it was a puppy. And then he was happy, until he saw he had a little arm, and he threw it down. He threw it because he thought it was weird. I think he thought it was weird. And then he had the puppy, and he tried to go near him again, and he kicked the puppy away. And then he saw a ball, so the puppy got the ball, and brought it to him, and then he kicked the ball into the box, and the puppy went for the ball, I don't know if he got the ball or not, because it was still there, but it was still in the box and he went in the box, so I don't know if he got in and let go of it, but probably didn't get it and then he rolled over with the box, and then he moved around in the box but the box was closed. No. They both had something in common, they both lost one of the body parts, so it's cool how the mom found a dog that lost a body part like the kid. I don't like the body parts. I don't like the part when they used the body parts. Actually, yeah, yeah, that part. The mom. A puppy. Playing the military game. Nothing. They both lost a body part in their life. Both of them. Yep. Dog's only have legs. And he lost a leg, so ... Okay. I knew it! You open one thing and a puppy came out. Happy. Cool, happy. They were both feeling happy. Happy. I knew it! Still happy, but probably a little bit sad. Weird. Yeah, like mad, a little bit mad. Happy. 'Cause of the puppy. Yeah, puppies make me ... I knew it! Still happy. Still mad. I felt like the boy, he didn't care about the puppy. That's the mean part. I don't know how I was feeling, I was just feeling like the boy should care about the puppy more. Yeah. I knew it! They both went outside. It's funny the puppy can open the door. That's a smart puppy. Where's the ball? Oh it was in his pocket. That wasn't ... Oh! That's what it's called. Feeling happy again. Happy. Happy. Everybody was happy.