Well, I saw some kid playing a video game, then his mom brought in a box, or something. I didn't know it was going to be an adult, but it's disabled, like with one arm lost. You clearly can't see that the kid is disabled too, but first he didn't want a dog, and then he saw he couldn't walk, so he threw the ball. That's all I can really remember. Oh no, I think I can remember he tried to take a call, and the dog kept falling. He had these crutches, I don't know what they are called, but there were like two, so you could put a grip; it's like a cane, but with two handles. Trying to remember. He got off the game to go outside with the dog and play with him. That's really what it was mostly ... I think it was only like two minutes, so that's all I really got out of it. Which one, the first one or the second one? I like how the dog was barking, because I know a lot of dogs and I have one myself and it always barks. It's annoying, but at the same time its funny. So I guess I can relate to it. He was rude to that dog. It doesn't matter whether you like animals or not, you still shouldn't treat it like its a piece of garbage. So, that's what I thought. The mom. A dog. He was playing games on the TV, or whatever. Could be XBOX, I think. A ball. A red one. They are both disabled. I guess you can say that, not to be rude or anything. And they both like to play games. So I guess that's how I seen it. I think both, because I don't know if it is an arm for the dog, but they have four legs, so I am guessing a leg. Happy, I guess. It saw a human. I don't know, I'm just guessing. I thought he was happy too because it was different, but at the same time both shocked. I guess, like any other kid would, happy to get a dog. I already have one, so I'm used to it. Sad. He just threw him. THat's messed up. I think he was mad, I guess, because he was disabled. I don't know. I was mad. I would be so happy if I had a disabled puppy, no matter what was wrong with it. That's just my opinion. He was happy at the beginning, but after he got kicked, I think he was mad. He is still pissed off. Still same, like mad, because I don't know why somebody would do that to an animal. Happy. And then the boy was feeling was happy too, if that was your next question. Better, because I don't like Kevin, like I said. Both.