Uh-uh (negative) Oh, the end? Oh. There was like a boy playing video games. His mom just gave him a box, but when he opened it, he saw a puppy, but he didn't have a leg. Then he didn't even care about that. Then he just played with ... then he played with his video games. When he saw the dog playing with the ball, he decided to have fun to play with the dog outside. And then he ... then he felt happy cause he probably doesn't wanna play video games anymore. He like just wants to play with the dog like the whole time. No. Like when he was playing with the dog. And when the dog showed him how fun it could be with no leg. When he hold him and he looked at his leg and he was like this, "ugh". His mom. The puppy that had no arm. He went back to play with video games. A ball. A red ball. They're the same because they both don't have a ... no leg. Okay. This happens. That happens when it glitches. Yeah. He was feeling happy in his new home. He wasn't feeling too excited in the beginning, but at the end he did. Like he showed me to be happy when you saw a dog with no leg ... but you wanna play with him because you don't have leg. That doesn't happen all the time. And when you find a puppy with no leg, do you just wanna play with you from their new home. Cause he wants to see if he likes puppies or not. That's why letting him play with the ball with him. He was feeling sad because he pushed him ... cause he dropped him on the floor. He didn't like the puppy cause he saw him with no leg. I like feel worried about the puppy. When he fell, he couldn't get himself up. He only rolls, when he gets himself up. When regular dogs have legs, they just put one of their leg on the ground and then they stand up with the rest of them ... but that one can't. He was starting to feel happy because, he wanted to show him how puppies are fun. He was feeling ... he was feeling something but I can't remember what it's called. He didn't like the puppy, because it had no leg. But he didn't have no leg, because, he forgot that he didn't have a leg. I felt like, why the boy cannot play with his puppy, because he wants to show him why puppies are friendly, when they see people. They feel excited when they see people ... when they live at the streets. He was feeling happy because the boy wanted to play with him. Cause he saw him playing with the red ball and he was starting to smile. He was feeling happy because the puppy showed how it's fun to be with puppies. It felt me like happy because it shown me how fun they both were ... how fun with each other ... like they're like being friendly to each other. The boy wasn't being friendly in the first place.