No, I haven't seen it. Well, it was about a boy, and he was playing video games a lot. And then his mom came home with a box, and then he was really bothered by it because it was in his view of gaming. And then his mom opened the curtain, and then his eyes returned to normal because he was playing in the dark. And then he kept on playing for a while, but then he was interested in the box, and then he opened it up, a puppy came out, and then, he thinks it's a normal puppy, right? And then the puppy came out, he was interested, but the dog peed on him, I guess, a little, and then he threw him on the floor and was abusing the dog a little bit by kicking him. And then I noticed that the dog was three legged. And then afterwards, the dog was upside down because they kicked him, and then the dog saw ... I think he was upside down, but he saw a red ball under a cabinet or something, maybe a refrigerator, I'm not too sure. But the dog found the ball, and a little bit clumsy time trying to get it, but it managed to get it, and then it was stumbling around and he was ... and the boy was still playing video games a lot, but he was from time to time focusing on the dog a little bit, and getting interesting. Well, then afterwards he got up and he told his mom that he was going to go outside. And then they threw the ball around, and that was it. It was an accomplishment and inspirational story, and I really like how it was around theme, like to appreciate what you get, and appreciate what you have what now, and what others give you. And that I think he needed a company. He's distracting all the loneliness from him that he had around him, like playing video games. But he didn't know that the loneliness would still be there even if though he would be playing video games. And then, when he found the puppy, he found happiness again. No, nothing at all. His mom. A puppy. He was playing video games. A red ball. They both have something missing in their lives. Both. Okay. Happy. Happy. I felt surprised when I first watched it, and then the second time I watched it I feel happy for them. Bad there. Disgusted. I feel mad a little bit, because he threw the dog, and that made me upset. Ignored. Annoyed. Still mad. Happy- ... overjoyed. Happy. I'm glad. Both.