Yeah, I have seen it. Yeah. In the beginning, the kid was playing a video game and the mum came in with a present for him. And in the middle, he's still playing video games and opened the box and there was a dog. But then he saw that the dog only had three legs and he didn't really like it that much. And at the end, he saw the dog playing around and he really thought it was funny and cool, and he started to like the dog. And then we also found out that he only had one leg. No. I liked that eventually that the kid really liked the dog. That was nice. And I also liked just how the story was of it. It was really cool just the characters and everything, and the whole entire premise of the story was cool. I didn't like how the kid ... He didn't really like the dog because the dog only had three legs and the kid also had one leg. It's not like I didn't like the director doing it, I just didn't like the character doing it. But, yeah. And besides that there isn't really anything else. I thought it was a really great movie. The mum. A dog. He was playing video games. He was playing with a ball. They're both disabled, they both don't have one leg. Okay. The puppy was feeling really excited and everything. He was also feeling excited that he got a dog now. I felt really happy that ... It's really cute and adorable. Puppies and everything. He was kind of sad that he was just thrown on the ground. He was feeling really disappointed and upset that the dog only had three legs. It made me feel really sad that he would do that just because the dog is kind of disabled. I think the puppy was still kind of happy, hyperish. Because he did he a new owner and at the end, he still looked fine even when he got kicked away. He was feeling kind of upset or kind of bothered about how the dog kept bothering him. I felt kind of annoyedish because it was really rude even if he don't like the dog, he shouldn't just kick him. The puppy was feeling very excited because the kid start to really like him and they went to play outside. He was also feeling happy and everything. And he realized that even if the puppy is kind of disabled, it's still a really nice puppy, and he was really happy because of that. I felt really happy because it's really nice that they just became friends.