No. The boy, in the beginning, looked like just a regular kid. Was basically sucked into his video game, meaning he was hooked. It was as if the entire world surrounding him didn't even exist. 100% of his attention was directed towards the video game that he was playing. His mother, who walks in after a period of time goes by from playing, his mother walks in with a box. Then she opens the window shade, meaning she ... she pulls them up so the sun can come in. Then she walks upstairs. With the sun rays shining into his eyes, eventually he paused the video game that he was playing and he opened the box to see what was in it and he found a puppy. Well, I mean, I do remember ... it's as if I said everything I remember. I remember the ... I don't, I think. It was very symbolic, very deep. Emotionally, it was very deep. Nothing. It was just a short film. You need to watch a longer film. That's where you're more likely to find things that you don't like. The mother. A puppy. A puppy whose the bottom half of his left arm had been amputated. Playing a video game. A ball. They are both, as I said before, handicapped. Excited. At first, it was as if he felt happy. It was a good feeling. He enjoyed it until he saw what he saw. I've seen, in real life growing up in New York city, you see a lot of exotic things. I've seen many dogs. There are people who often take in dogs, who are nice enough to take in dogs that are in a condition like this dog. I've seen dogs whose legs had been removed because of whether it's cancer, sometimes that can be a cause of it, or anything else. From my own experience and from what I've seen, I just felt normal. I feel like this puppy is no different from any other puppy. I don't think he reacted any differently seeing his new owner than any other puppy would, which to me is incredible. So many, in terms of humans, not humans, but any creature in the world, whether it's a canine, feline, or anything. Losing something like a body part, or having it removed, could really kill your spirits, so it's incredible that his spirit just never died. After getting thrown on the floor, I think he felt, as I said, with his unbreakable spirit, I think he kind of felt determined to win his affection as he consistently, after that point, tried to do everything he can to make him see what he in the end saw. The boy was feeling ... he was kind of disgusted, I'm gonna be honest. Very repetitive. Sorry about that. I felt very ... did you already ask this? Oh, yeah, true. Okay, I felt kind of inspired by the fact that this didn't stop the puppy from doing what he did. The more this kid was pushing him away, I think the harder he tried to show his affection and to give him that message of affection that you saw in the end. I think this was more determination. He just felt more determined. Just annoyed. At this time in the short film, he did not want the puppy to ... he just wanted to ignore the puppy. He wanted to block him out or pretend that he didn't exist. You know what I mean? I felt exactly ... kind of the way I thought of it as, I just said, kind of led to how I exactly felt and I felt, personally, I felt excited to see what the puppy was gonna do next. I think he felt better than he had before in the beginning and throughout the rest. I think he had felt the best winning his affection at this point. He's higher at that point than he was throughout the entire film before. It was kind of an eye opening experience for him. He had a revelation, kind of a realization. He felt that deep connection, so I think he felt, emotionally, he felt very warm. He think he felt affectionate is the feeling. I felt inspired by the scenario.