No I but I did see that skip over me, I saw the one with the Santa but I didn't see it for a long day. No I'd seen the one ... I really like the part ... I'd seen the other Despicable Me, the one with the bat that freaks out and freezes and ... Okay. Oh I'm pretty tired from that. A little bit. I remember that I was watching the other movie with the puppy. That was really cute that the puppy had a little red ball, and the guy, I didn't even see the daddy went out, did he lost a leg? Oh how? I didn't need that part, that was pretty scary. And I like the other one because it was so cute and adorable with the little jolly man. And I just really want to watch that part that the little man goes, "Mommy wants to dress me up as a minion for Halloween." So that's all I have from the movies. Oh yeah. The first part was pretty cool and the second, well I didn't like that he had chips on the floor lying down there. And I couldn't see because I was about to cry. When I watched the scary movie, the other one was super scary, that was the one I don't like. I don't like scary movies, I like amazing movies. Yeah a little bit with the dad who had lost one of his legs. Maybe I think he got surgery, yeah because my mother, my grandmother, she got surgery on her leg. Yeah the dog found the boy and he was so cute but he had little fur and he was so cute. I liked about it that the little puppy, I always get itchy when I have pants on, I get a boo boo from a new part, see look, I fall down in the area that was nice to study and you get wet. It's kind of like a pool and I got hurt. Yeah. I was bleeding. I liked all of them. That the guy that lost a leg, so there's, one thing I liked that I liked and the another I didn't like. So that's what I have for the movies. Let me guess you're recording me with that camera. I always have other doctors to record me, I just don't like I always freak out, I always hide under the desk sometimes because I'm always scared. The mom. A puppy. He was playing his game. The red ball. It was under the couch, maybe, I don't know, it was under the carpet. Because ... Puppy's have fur ... and the mini one, I really to watch the part that the mini goes, "Ba ba be" that's my favorite part of it and I always crack up. Well they're not the same because boys and girls and families don't have fur and animals have fur like skin, tail, fin, waggly. I really liked that movie and the first part was kind of scary but I really like. Okay. Yeah that was the part that I like. Happy because he wanted a family and the family, when animals get lost, the moms or dads or brothers or sisters find them and they take them home. Like mad, I was in the blue zone when I went in that machine. Happy. So I was in the blue zone in the machine because when you're in the blue zone, you feel like you're crying and I was crying and I was crying in the machine because I was a little scared, that's why. Yeah. Okay. Sad and the boy was feeling mad. Why you call it second clip? Oh. In that one... ... I felt in that, the yellow zone. Yeah what's the yellow zone because I keep forgetting? Okay. Scared. Mad. Sad and scared. Okay. Oh now I could see his leg broken. In that part I felt... Happy. Mad and happy. Scared, I mean mad, mad and scared. You could be mad and sad at the same time, you could be like that.