Yeah. Okay. I guess it starts off with a kid playing video games. He is like a shut in, kind of so. When his mom comes home, she brings him a present and that kind of makes him want to get up from the game until he realizes what the present is. And he gets a dog but the dog is missing a leg. So at first, he seems he doesn't really want the dog because it's missing a leg until he starts to realize that they have so much in common. After, it starts playing around with a ball, and because of that, he gets up from his game. It's shown that he's also missing a leg, so maybe that's one of the reasons why he didn't want the dog. He starts playing with the dog and that's the reason why he gets up. No, not really. I just like the message that not everyone has to be, I guess, normal in order for them to have similarities, or you don't have to judge someone or something by appearance or how it may be different or similar to you. I don't really dislike anything about it, yeah. His mom. A dog. He's playing a video game. A ball. First of all, they're both, I think that's really ... They're both missing a leg. That's the big similarity that they have. Yeah. It seemed like it really wanted to see him, like it was excited to meet a new owner, and he also seemed like he was excited at first. Yeah, he was very excited. He seemed like that was something that he really wanted, I guess until he noticed, yeah. I felt kind of happy for the puppy and the boy, I guess, because it's like he's experienced something new. I guess it seemed like it was still pretty happy because I know that pets don't usually, they don't really seem to judge that much on a lot of humans, I guess. So, even though it was thrown on the ground, it seemed like it still was willing to give him a chance. He was upset because he wanted a puppy with four legs rather than three. I guess, pretty upset at the kid because that was like a really not good thing to do. I still think that it was pretty fine even though it got kicked. I still think that it was just thinking that it was still so excited to meet someone new, that it didn't really think that much of it because it was still making an effort to become friends with him. He was still upset and he just went back to his game. Same was way as the previous clip, like upset at him because that's a mean thing to do. Yeah. I think it was feeling happy because it was finally able to get this new person to play with it willingly, yeah. I think they were both sharing the same feelings, especially because he finally got up from bring like a shut in and he finally found a way that he was able to go outside and also have fun at the same time. I guess I felt like relieved that he didn't have the same feelings towards the dog as he did earlier on, yeah. Both.