No. So, he was playing the game ... So everything was like off. The curtains ... The curtains were closed and the lights were off. The mom came in and bought his son ... her son a present in a box and he was just busy playing his game. Just ignoring his mom. She said, "Open the present I bought you." She went upstairs. He opened the present. He was excited at first. But then he saw the dog was missing an arm and he got upset, I think? He didn't like it and he just liked tossed the dog aside. The dog just was playing around. He didn't really care. But he just came back to like play. The dog just wanted to play the whole time and he saw how he ... Like the dog didn't really notice that it was like ... Something was wrong with it. Like he didn't notice that there was something wrong with him. And I think that's what made him like him. That he kept trying, just came back to him ... Then they went outside to play. Like, he liked him and they went outside to play... Um, he was trying to ignore the dog. Like, he was like trying hard to ignore him. But he like couldn't because of the way the dog was just acting. I liked that the dog was just silly. It got stuck in the box and running around. That was just funny to me that the dog just got stuck in the box and just kept falling and kept trying. It just didn't stop. I didn't like when he saw there was something wrong with the dog that he just threw him away. I didn't like that. Like he was just like there's something wrong with you. But at the end he was kind of the same. I just didn't like the beginning when he was just like I don't want the dog because there's something wrong with him. His mom. A dog. Playing a game. A ball. They both are ... I want to say missing a leg, because I don't know if I want to say missing arm for the puppy, but they were both missing a leg. Like they were both, like kind of handicapped.  Happy. He felt happy at first. I thought it was cute, because like he was playing a game and then he was like "Oh, I got a dog!" Like, who doesn't want a dog? I thought it was cute, because he got so happy. He just ... Kind of like stuck in the game He just wanted to be left alone and then he saw the dog and he was like happy. So I liked that. I think the puppy felt hurt at first because he like threw him on the ground ... And it just felt a little sad but then got distracted and kind of fun again. Upset, because I think he felt like his mom was trying to change his mind. Like if it doesn't matter for the dog then it doesn't matter for you. That's how I felt like his mom was trying to show him kind of ... I think the puppy felt confused, because he was happy and now he's just like kicking him away ... I think he just felt confused. I can't say it, annoyed. Like he just felt annoyed because of the dog and he was just like a little bit mad. I was like "Why did you do that?" I didn't get it. Because like at the end I got it ... At the beginning I was like "Why did you kick the puppy?" I didn't see nothing wrong with the dog. It just didn't have like one arm, but I was like "Wow, okay. If someone did that to you, you wouldn't like it." But at the end he was just like the dog so ... Happy. I think the boy felt happy, too. I ... I ... I liked how it end ... Because then he finally just accepted it and they were just like having fun. They were just like ... They were just kind of like the same. Like he noticed that they were the same and he was just like let me just have fun with it. So, I liked it.