No, I haven't seen it before. It was kind of new to me. At first the boy was playing a video game, then his mom came home with a dog in the box, and when he opened the box, the dog had half a leg missing. After that, the boy treated the dog bad because it had no arm, but then after a while, he realized that the dog was like him, because he didn't have a leg and the dog didn't have a leg either. Yeah, I remember he was on crutches and walking outside to play with the dog that he got. I liked the end where he threw the ball, and the middle where he got the dog and the dog was tripping over him, tripping over because he didn't have a leg. I didn't like how the boy was treating the dog bad just because it didn't have a leg. His mom gave him the box because she noticed that he was on the game too much and she wanted him to get off the game for a while. Inside the box was a dog. A dog without a leg at all. The boy was playing on his console before he was given the box. The puppy was playing with a red ball that he found underneath a counter. The puppy and the boy are the same because both of them only have half a leg and yeah, that's it. Both of them were missing a leg, because when the boy got up, he was on crutches, I noticed that he had half a leg gone and the dog had a half a leg gone too. The puppy was feeling excited to have a new owner, because it probably didn't have a owner just because of it's difference in its arm. The boy felt excited for that first part, but then after he noticed the arm gone, he decided to throw it on the floor and kick it. I felt excited at first, but then when he threw the dog down, I felt sad because the dog was like him and he didn't realize it. The puppy was feeling excited because it was feeling happy in the first place because it had an owner, and yeah, just because it had an owner and because of its arm difficulty, he wanted a new owner. The boy was feeling excited at first because he got a dog, but after a while, he realized that the arm was gone when he took it out the box, so he decided to just throw it on the floor and just kick it. I felt very sad because the boy treated the dog wrong and he should have known that the dog was like him, because they both didn't have half a limb. The puppy was feeling sad at that part, because he wanted to play with his new owner, but then the boy kicked him just because of his arm. The boy was feeling very mad because his mom got him the wrong dog because the dog was missing an arm, but then he decided to kick him just because of his arm. I felt mad at the boy because he treated the dog wrong just because he didn't have an arm. The puppy was feeling happy because his owner actually got up and played with him at the end. The boy was feeling happy because the puppy found the ball and the boy thought that the dog was fine because it was tripping over the ball. I felt happy because the owner and the dog got along just because of the differences in the limbs.