Yeah. Okay. So, the boy gets a dog. And then he opens the box of the dog and he's like, "Cool! A dog!", then it turns out, the dog is missing a leg. So, at first he throws the dog on the floor and he decides he doesn't like the dog and he's like, "eh, gross!". Then he's just kind of sad, and he's looking at the dog trying to play around and stuff. He's looking at the dog kind of moving around with the three legs, and then at the end we see the boy get up and leave and have the dog follow him, and it turns out, the boy is also missing a leg. So that's why at first he didn't like the dog, because he was like, all weird. Or like, if his mom got got it for him it's like "ugh, I can't believe she's doing something like that", but then, ultimately he, accepts it and he takes the dog as his friend. Um, not really, I mean that was kinda, the plot, yeah. I liked that it kind of has a sort of message about like, you know, if like someone's got, I don't know how to phrase it but like, there are things we don't like about ourselves, and we also won't like them in other people. So, we can take that either positively or negatively. We can take that as "they're similar to me" or "I don't like it". So, at first he just doesn't like it and he doesn't like the dog. Then, later he decides to accept it, so he's kind of also accepting himself in the same way. It's a little bit cheesy. It's something that I've seen on Facebook and stuff like that, but, overall it's a sweet concept. I think actually, originally, I saw this story a few years ago as comic books panels, and then someone animated it later. So, I've seen it a few times in different styles. It's just kind of something that is like "like and share this if you agree that every animal should be treated well", or something like that, but it's still a sweet story. I think it was the mom. It was the puppy. He was playing video games. I think the puppy was playing with a ball. Yeah, they're both missing a limb. Okay. I think the puppy was excited- Because he barks and he pops up and he's very, you know, noisy and he sticks his tongue out. I think the boy was also excited because he was like "oh cool!", and he immediately picks up the puppy. I felt pretty happy I guess, because it's nice. I think the puppy is probably sad because obviously they don't understand why this person goes from liking them to not liking them so quickly. And obviously, being physically thrown on the floor. I think the boy is angry, and probably also a little bit embarrassed, because he's like, he feels like maybe his mom got him the dog just because it didn't have a leg, and like, didn't actually care about like him having a dog, but wanted him to have a friend. So, he's just kind of embarrassed. Kinda sad. Probably sad again, and rejected, because he tries again to play with the boy, because he doesn't really understand what's going on. So, he tries again to play with the boy, but the boy kicks him away. I think the boy is still angry, because he kicks the dog and he's like, "ugh get away from me!". Kinda sad, kinda angry. Okay. I think the puppy is happy because he's finally getting accepted by the person, and he gets to go out and play. And, he helps the boy with the door and stuff, so I think he feels helpful and happy, and like, just excited to be going outside and having a friend. I think the boy was just coming to terms with it and I think that he was also hopeful. Because, he was discovering that the dog could be his friend and help him and play with him and stuff, instead of just being a reminder of him not having a leg. Also, hopeful, because the music and stuff kind of influences that. And, the view of the door and it's nice and sunny outside, and the dog is bouncing around and you see him go off to play catch with the dog. So, it's happy and hopeful, it's like "oh, they're all gonna be okay", like "oh, it's all good now".