Not really that much though, so not really the best time. Yeah, one time. In the movie, a kid was playing a video game and then his mom came and told him she got a present for him. So after, he opened it, and then he saw a dog and the dog had three arms and three hands ... No, no four arms but three hands because one of his arms didn't have a hand, I think it was. And then he got mad for some reason. And then he just dropped the dog. I don't know why. And then he just continued playing video games and then the dog saw a ball, a red ball, under a table. So then he tried to get it and then he got it. And then he tried to give the ball to his owner, the kid. And then he kept on falling since he didn't have all of his hands or arms, I think. I don't know. And then after three falls, he finally gets there and then the kid decided to play with him. And then they went either outside in the backyard, maybe? I don't know. And then he threw the ball and the dog got it and that was it. Okay. The kid was kind of like the dog since he didn't have his full leg, or something like that. I don't know why. Not really anything. The whole thing itself. I kind of thought it was boring. Then again, it's supposed to be a bit short. A bit short. His mom. I do not think it was a Pug. A dog of some sort. Playing a video game. The red ball that was under the table. The puppy doesn't have a full leg and the boy doesn't have a full leg. Both. What? What kind of clip is that? No, no I meant why did it look like there were cubes? Pretty happy. Pretty happy. Probably a bit sad for a couple of seconds until he saw the red ball. And then he was pretty happy again. Pretty sad, maybe mad. Or maybe both. Probably a bit sad for a second. And then he tries to get the ball I think now? I told you. Probably a bit sad for a couple of seconds because then he looks like he's happy when he finds the ball. Probably mad. The same. A bit tired. That's what he said! Looks like he had a pet giraffe before. Happy and the boy was feeling happy too. The same, tired.