No. Basically, what happened was ... I'm pretty sure it was his mom, got him this dog and he was sitting inside playing video games, and not really doing much. Then he ... This dog came, took him out of the box and it was really cute. He was kind of paying attention to him, but then he realized he was missing one of his front legs. He just put him down and then eventually throughout the movie he warmed up to him as he saw him playing with this little ball he found. Then when he stood up you realize his missing some of his leg. He went outside. He went and he played with the dog. I mean, I remember pretty much all ... I couldn't really hear it that well with the sound, but that's pretty much what I got from it from just seeing it. I liked the dog, he was cute. I can't think of what else I like. I like the overall story of it. Well, I liked it all. The only thing was it was ... Since it was hard to hear, I know some of it was ... I don't know, but I liked it overall. The mother? A dog. He was playing video games. A ball. They were both ... I know they were both playing with something. He was playing with the video games and the puppy was playing with the ball. They're both similar because they're both missing some of their leg. Okay. I think the puppy was probably happy. I think he was probably happy too. I thought it was cute. I mean, I was happy. He was probably upset that he was thrown away. He was probably a little annoyed that his mom got him this dog that was missing ... You can tell that he wasn't so happy about it. At first, it was a little like, "Well, why is he doing this to the puppy?" I don't know. He was probably sad that the boy, when he was trying to get his attention that he wouldn't really pay attention. He was too busy playing his video games, that he didn't really want to interact with him. I think he was annoyed that the dog was trying to get his attention when he was doing his own thing, really. Pretty much the same as when he put the puppy to the side. Okay. I think the puppy was happy again that the person was paying ... The boy was paying attention to him and he wanted to play with him. I think the boy was happy that he had this puppy and that they had this thing in similar and that he had something that was similar to him in that they could interact. I was happy that the boy was ... The dog were playing together. It was cute.